# Day 9 Assignment

#### Q1. Create a abstract class Account having private instance member Id, Name Balanceamt. 
* Id should be generated by application. 
* Write readonly property for id
* Write getter setter for balance , it should be accessible only in child class.
* Write getter setter for name , length of the name can not be more then 15 character.
* Create method deposit who’s job is to increase Balanceamt by the amount deposited by account holder. 
* Create abstract method withdraw. 
* Create two child class saving and current.
* In saving Account negative balance not allowed and account holder have to maintain minimum balance of 1000
* In current Account negative balance is allowed.
* Override withdraw method of parent class who’s job is to decrease Balanceamt by the amount  withdrawn by account holder.
* Write toString method to display Id Name and balance.
* Your application should create array of account class and store 3 object of child class. 
* When you load application it should print name of bank.

#### Q2. Create a class person having virtual method
* public virtual string  dojob(){ “doing job”}
* create three child class programmer,dancer and singer.
* In programmer class override virtual method
* public override string  dojob(){ “doing coding”}
* programmer class also has method public void testing{  “I am testing code also” }
* In  singer class override virtual method
* public override string  dojob(){ “singing”}
* in dancer class no method available.
* Create array of person class and call dojob() method.
* Also call testing method of programmer class in a loop

#### Q3. Accept a number from user and store in object and print it
