# Day 5 Assignment

#### Q1. Create a class Employee having member variable Firstname, Lastname, Middlename.let your application create object even if user does not enter Middlename. Create two constructor one take parameter for Firstname, Lastname and second constructor which will take all the parameter. Write display method which will display detail of the object.

#### Q2. Create a class Account having private instance member Id, Name Balanceamt. Id should be generated by application. Create method deposit who’s job is to increase Balanceamtby the amout deposited by account holder. Create method withdraw who’s job is to decrease Balanceamt by the amount  withdrawn by account holder. Write method display which will display name and Balanceamt. Your application should generate only 3 object, if you try to generate 4 th object it should display message can not create object. This application will be classlibrary.
Create console application and use this class library. Create at least two object of account class and deposit and withdraw money.

#### Q3. Create a class Employee having private instance member Id, Name Salary, netsalary.  Id should be generated by application Create method calculate_netsalary who’s job is to deduct 10% of TDS. Declare TDS as static variable. Write method display which will display name and netsalary. This application will be classlibrary. Declare const int maxemp=3 ie. You can have only 3 employee.
Also declare const int maxsal=50000. Use this for validation in constructor if you try to create object with salary 80000 it should display error
Create console application and use this class library. Create at least two object of Employee class 

All example create class library and use it. In all example as soon as you load class it should print name of your company
