# Day 6 Assignment

#### Q1A. 
Create Account class having instance member 
1. id- id should be generated by application, it is readonly property
2. name – write getter setter 
3. balance- Write getter setter 
It has deposit method who’s job is to increase the balance.

Declare static float Interestrate=0.07.
It has withdraw method who’s job is to reduce balance.
Declare conts float minbal=1000. When user withdraw money your application should ensure that minimum balance is maintain. 
Give appropriate validation like user can not deposit or withdraw 0 or negative. user can not open account with 0 amount
When you run your application at the beginning it should print name of bank and copy right detail.
It has static method which will calculate and return  interest amount for each account holder and increase the balance.
Write display method who’s job is to display Id name and balance and interest received.
If you are comfortable the exception try to use it and handle it also.
 
#### Q1B. 
Create a class Employee having private instance member 
1. id- id is readonly property and generated by your application
2. name- write getter setter
3. salary- write getter setter
4. net salary

Write method who’s job is to deduct TDS 10% and return tax amount and set netsalary instance member after deducting tax.
Declare TDS as static variable.
Your application should create only 3 object if you try to create 4th object it should throw exception.
Give appropriate validation like salary can not be 0 or negative, maximum
Salary allowed is 50000 if you try to set more then 50000 it should give some error message.
When you run your application it should print name of company.

#### Q2. Accept data in 3*3matrix and print row wise sum
#### Q3. Accept data in an array and print sum  also store square of each element in new array.
#### Q4. Accept data in an array pass it to static method let this method store cube of each element , modify original array
#### Q5. Accept data in an array and print average.
